Use HTML5 details tag in bug report issue template [skip ci] (#2005)
rapidsai/cudf: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

 - Environment location: [Bare-metal, Docker, Cloud(specify cloud provider)]
 - Method of cuDF install: [conda, Docker, or from source]
   - If method of install is [Docker], provide `docker pull` & `docker run` commands used

>    - Please run and attach the output of the `cudf/print_env.sh` script to gather relevant environment details

Reviewer: Should it be "paste"? or "attach"?  I suppose it doesn't really matter?

Author: I prefer paste myself, but I reverted to the previous copy to minimize the PR surface area.

Reviewer 2: I think paste works

Also, I believe your indenting is +2 more spaces than necessary

Author: @mike-wendt ah so this is tough -- if I only indent 4 spaces and they paste the `<details>` tag on the same line as the second markdown bullet point, it won't be parsed as details and will look like junk. But if they paste it on a new line, it'll be doubly-nested (with 2 horizontal scrollbars), but at least still collapsed.

Author: I updated this gist with examples of the different indentations people might copy/paste: https://gist.github.com/trxcllnt/4843c15a483de805e7b39db740014271

Reviewer 2: @trxcllnt this wasn't about the pasting of the `<details>` tag but how it renders in the issue, as you can see here: https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/blob/ec4d57d39a29fd5baa14f5526dc434c3e23e9a5a/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

`Please run ...` is a step and should be at the top level of the list to match the other requested actions

Reviewer 2: The way it is now, it is nested and I believe it impacts the readability

Reviewer 2: At this point I think we should break this off into it's own section so it is clearly visible and we don't miss the other pieces of info requested above accidentally

 - Environment location: [Bare-metal, Docker, Cloud(specify cloud provider)]
 - Method of cuDF install: [conda, Docker, or from source]
   - If method of install is [Docker], provide `docker pull` & `docker run` commands used

<details><summary>Click here to see environment details</summary><pre>

> Please run and attach the output of the `cudf/print_env.sh` script to gather relevant environment details

Reviewer 3: Just to be excruciatingly clear
```suggestion
Please run the `cudf/print_env.sh` script to gather relevant environment details and paste the output inside the `<details> </details>` tags.
```
